Update guide to v14 code (#1146)
discordjs/guide: guide/popular-topics/permissions-extended.md

All additional roles allow overwrites are applied after all additional roles denies! If any of a member's roles have an overwrite to allow a permission explicitly, the member can execute the associated actions in this channel regardless of the role hierarchy. 

> Placing an overwrite to allow `SendMessages` on a role will result in members with this role not being mutable via role assignment in this channel.

Reviewer: Not all `SEND_MESSAGES` instances were changed on this page.

## Implicit permissions

Some Discord permissions apply implicitly based on logical use, which can cause unwanted behavior if you are not aware of this fact.

The prime example for implicit permissions is `ViewChannel`. If this flag is missing in the final permissions, you can't do anything on that channel. It makes sense, right? If you can't view the channel, you can't read or send messages in it, set the topic, or change its name.
The library does not handle implicit permissions for you, so understanding how the system works is vital for you as a bot developer.

Let's say you want to send a message to a channel. To prevent unnecessary API calls, you want to make sure your bot's permissions in this channel include `SendMessages` (more on how to achieve this [here](/popular-topics/permissions.md#checking-for-permissions)). The check passes, but you still can't send the message and are greeted with `DiscordAPIError: Missing Access`.

This error means your bot is missing `ViewChannel`, and as such, can't send messages either.

> One possible scenario causing this: the channel has permission overwrites for the default role `@everyone` to grant `SendMessages` so everyone who can see the channel can also write in it, but at the same time has an overwrite to deny `VIEW_CHANNEL` to make it only accessible to a subset of members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One possible scenario causing this: the channel has permission overwrites for the default role `@everyone` to grant `SendMessages` so everyone who can see the channel can also write in it, but at the same time has an overwrite to deny `ViewChannel` to make it only accessible to a subset of members.
```

> As you only check for `SendMessages`, the bot will try to execute the send, but since `VIEW_CHANNEL` is missing, the API denies the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you only check for `SendMessages`, the bot will try to execute the send, but since `ViewChannel` is missing, the API denies the request.
```
